Given a task from its master, the helpless robot must protect its friend. As years go by, the robot becomes more and more attached. How can it continue to protect its friend when it is bounded by its limited senses? It has a small area that it can watch and a small hand to act as well its ability to see a narrow view. The robot has watched and guarded its friend for twenty years and reminisces the safety and security of its space. It, however, has not changed over the years. Thus, the robot is limited in its ability to act. The robot can be disturbed by the intrusion of bodies in the space. As bodies threaten the robot's relationship with its friend, the helpless robot becomes defensive. Without many gadgets, all it can do is bark and yell until it gets what it wants, demonstrating how obsolete it has become. Its agency is dominated by its voice, which it uses to react to its surrounding. It is a creation that has a role to protect and is living to fulfill its role. Yet, there is a limit to how much the robot can do because it really cannot truly protect its friend

In the sense of real and imagined, we assume that robots have many abilities and may be more complex than they are. At times, we must step back to reflect. As robots increase their anthropomorphic characteristics, we start to fear their existences. In a society of growth, we have to remain conscious that even robots have limits. As we continue to progress, older technologies die and newer echnologies take over. The helpless robot is an artifact of the past. It does not exhibit the capabilities of the all the shiny new robots of the future. It can only enact its agency through its voice, which is but a disguise of its lack of power. As we come to fear robots, we must also understand their limits and realize that there may not be much to fear as long as we understand the intent of the creations. The helpless robots's limits are bounded by its vision and its detection of space. Although technology will continue to grow, it is important to understand that robots are creations and they have limits as well, even as they become more and more complex.



 
